MadGraph/MadEvent 4.0
By Fabio Maltoni, Tim Stelzer and the CP3 development team

http://madgraph.phys.ucl.ac.be/
http://madgraph.hep.uiuc.edu/
http://madgraph.roma2.infn.it/

Information on the process to be generated is found in the file
index.html in this directory, which should be viewed using your web
browser. If the file index.html is missing, you need to generate a
process. Please refer to the README file one directory above this
(MG_ME_V?.?.?/) for instructions on how to generate a process.


To generate events:
-------------------

1) Specify the model parameters. The model parameters include masses
and widths for the particles and coupling constants. They are given by
the file param_card.dat in the Cards directory. Although it is
possible to edit this file manually, this is not recommended since
there are dependencies among the parameters which need to be taken
into account. Instead the param_card.dat should be generated using one
of the Calculators found on the MG/ME homepages (stated above).  Click
Calculators, choose model and follow the instructions. Place the
resulting param_card.dat in the Cards directory.

2) Specify the run parameters. The run parameters includes collider
type and energy, choice of parton distribution functions and scales.
They are given by the file run_card.dat in the Cards directory. This
file should be edited manually, following the syntax given in the
example file.
**Warning!** For several reasons, avoid running more than 100,000
events per run. Instead perform several runs to reach the luminosity
you need. Subsequent runs automatically update the random seed, so the
results from different runs are statistically independent.

3) Run bin/generate_events to generate the events and calculate the
cross-section.

4) Follow the generation and look at the results in the file
HTML/crossx.html, using your web browser.

